README.md, before:

﻿# Server-Side GeoTIFF Rendering and Integration for Tile-Based Maps with ASP.NET Core
Hosts a C# .NET Core 8 project that migrates the functionality of the existing <a href="https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet">georaster-layer-for-leaflet</a>  library into a server-side processing application. 

GeoRasterLayer-for-Leaflet-Dot-Net-Core simplifies geospatial workflows by seamlessly rendering and integrating GeoTIFFs (and other raster data) into tile-based maps within ASP.NET Core backends. While the library provides an example using Leaflet, it is not limited to just that framework.

Key Features:

- Effortless GeoTIFF Rendering: Convert GeoTIFFs into a format compatible with GeoRasterLayer for efficient display on tile-based maps.
- Server-Side Processing Power: Utilize ASP.NET Core’s robust backend to handle requests, deliver geospatial data, and ensure smooth performance, scalability, and security.
- Seamless Tile-Based Map Integration: Integrate rendered raster layers effortlessly into your tile-based maps, providing a familiar and interactive experience for map users.
- Customization Options: Fine-tune how your raster layers are displayed by adjusting colors, context drawing, and other parameters.
- Memory and File Caching: Boost performance and reduce server load with built-in memory and file caching mechanisms.
- Concurrency Considerations: Ensure thread-safe access to shared resources and handle concurrent requests efficiently.


Installation(in future):

Open your ASP.NET Core project in Visual Studio.
Go to the NuGet Package Manager (right-click on your project and select Manage NuGet Packages…).
Search for “GeoRasterLayer-for-Leaflet-Dot-Net-Core” and install the package.

Usage:

Server-Side Configuration:

In your ASP.NET Core application, add the necessary services and middleware (refer to the library’s documentation for specific instructions).
Initialize the GeoRasterLayer object and configure it to serve tiles based on map requests. See the WebApp example for a reference implementation.

Frontend Integration:

Create a tile-based map (e.g., Leaflet, OpenLayers, or other compatible libraries).
Add a simple layer pointing to your server-side endpoint where the GeoRasterLayer serves tiles.

Feel free to adapt this library to your specific geospatial needs, whether you’re building a web application, serving static files, or implementing other map services! 🌍🗺️

Commit message:

dotnet 5, 6, 7 support added to nuget config

README.md, after:

﻿# Server-Side GeoTIFF Rendering and Integration for Tile-Based Maps with ASP.NET Core
Hosts a C# .NET Core 8 project that migrates the functionality of the existing <a href="https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet">georaster-layer-for-leaflet</a>  library into a server-side processing application. 

GeoRasterLayer-for-Leaflet-Dot-Net-Core simplifies geospatial workflows by seamlessly rendering and integrating GeoTIFFs (and other raster data) into tile-based maps within ASP.NET Core backends. While the library provides an example using Leaflet, it is not limited to just that framework.

Key Features:

- Effortless GeoTIFF Rendering: Convert GeoTIFFs into a format compatible with GeoRasterLayer for efficient display on tile-based maps.
- Server-Side Processing Power: Utilize ASP.NET Core’s robust backend to handle requests, deliver geospatial data, and ensure smooth performance, scalability, and security.
- Seamless Tile-Based Map Integration: Integrate rendered raster layers effortlessly into your tile-based maps, providing a familiar and interactive experience for map users.
- Customization Options: Fine-tune how your raster layers are displayed by adjusting colors, context drawing, and other parameters.
- Memory and File Caching: Boost performance and reduce server load with built-in memory and file caching mechanisms.
- Concurrency Considerations: Ensure thread-safe access to shared resources and handle concurrent requests efficiently.


Installation(in future):

Open your ASP.NET Core project in Visual Studio.
Go to the NuGet Package Manager (right-click on your project and select Manage NuGet Packages…).
Search for “GeoRasterLayer-for-Leaflet-Dot-Net-Core” and install the package.<a href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/georaster_layer_for_leaflet_dot_net_core">Nuget</a>
or

	dotnet add package georaster_layer_for_leaflet_dot_net_core

Usage:

Server-Side Configuration:

In your ASP.NET Core application, add the necessary services and middleware (refer to the library’s documentation for specific instructions).
Initialize the GeoRasterLayer object and configure it to serve tiles based on map requests. See the WebApp example for a reference implementation.

Frontend Integration:

Create a tile-based map (e.g., Leaflet, OpenLayers, or other compatible libraries).
Add a simple layer pointing to your server-side endpoint where the GeoRasterLayer serves tiles.

Feel free to adapt this library to your specific geospatial needs, whether you’re building a web application, serving static files, or implementing other map services! 🌍🗺️
